and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth show i'm your host
sam dunning co-owner of
webchoiceuk.com and if you haven't done
so yet check out my weekly email while
i'm sharing actionable website and
marketing tips useful podcast free
resources goodies and much much more so
you can kick off your week with a bang
give it a shot over at
businessgrowth.email
so today joining me i've got jeff
kapinski jeff's a partner over at humor
they help companies big and small
discover what makes them unique and
channel it into a memorable memorable
experience outsells and outshines the
competition online jeff welcome to the
show mate how you doing
hey man nice to speak with you again
thank you for having me on
no worries man looking looking forward
to our chat and we've been we've been
connected on linkedin we've had some
conversations over the last few months
we're enjoying each other's web
content so i'm glad to glad to get you
on the show and looking forward to a bit
of a back and forth today and we're
gonna be discussing
all things around how a website can
scale a business that's established
that's already growing
and perhaps for for many people that
i've got doubts about their website
really perhaps people that are
considering like or thinking things like
i'm not sure our website works hard
enough for our business i think our
sales reps are way better do we even
need a good website so we can hopefully
put all those doubts put all those
objections and concerns to rest at least
in our minds if not anyone else's anyway
with that said what is the difference
jeff let's tear off with this what's the
difference between perhaps a website for
a brand new fresh start-up company and
then more of an established and a
medium-sized company
sure yeah that is a great question to
kind of kick it off so
from my perspective startups
whether you're bootstrapped or even a a
finance organization
really should be focusing on just
getting something out there and and
focus less on getting everything
absolutely right from the jump
sure you don't need to have a huge
budget in order to do that you don't
need to
frankly hire an agency to do that you
can probably get it done effectively
with
a freelancer or just some minor help
there but
you know you're trying to establish a
business and prove a proof of concept
and
you want to be nimble in that process uh
as you start to
become a more established business
that's when you really want to invest
more
not only in the look feel and technology
of the site but the the language the
messaging and the positioning of the
site because that's what
is going to allow uh prospective
customers to come to your site
and
you know understand what you're all
about and really resonate with with
what you're presenting and then
ultimately turn into uh you know an
opportunity and then hopefully a close
deal
yeah yeah and we'd love to jump into in
your opinion jeff some of the most
important elements that make up a
website because i know you touched on
them there in terms of kind of brand
copy positioning and all that good stuff
that we can jump into
shortly but yeah i'm kind of the same
mindset because when i speak to people
jeff in the startup world that you're
going to get two ends of the spectrum
some people that like you touched on are
really really concerned so they'll spend
almost endless amounts of time trying to
get their website right and then i think
you've got people at the other end of
the spectrum that basically don't give a
about their website it's just like
we've got a couple pages we kind of
built it on wix or squarespace or
whatever one of the tools and i'm kind
of in the middle if you if you are
starting a business quite often when
when these companies are bootstrapped
and have limited budget
and want to go to market quite often
like you say i'll i'll say look with
the investment to actually hire an
agency is going to be quite significant
to get something out there
just to
kind of almost get get your company a
decent brand get some information about
what you're doing the services you
present
there's no harm in doing a builder
whether that's a wordpress build or a
squarespace just so you've got something
out on the market and then as you grow
then consider kind of ramping up the
investment when you need to the website
to perhaps perform a bit better generate
some leads etcetera
what your thoughts are
i think the best the best combination is
to
if your startup you put something out
there right and within a shot
but then you you know just put it out
there and let it sit and do nothing with
it
you know make sure you have analytics
installed make sure you have
behavior tracking
software installed a lot of this stuff
can be
added very affordably especially if you
don't have a ton of traffic coming into
the
insights from the site and then make
incremental improvement so using
something super flexible like a
squarespace
is actually a really good idea because
then the insights you get your
turnaround time to actually implementing
them in that initial site is a lot
quicker and you'll you'll see the the
results of that
but yeah i mean
think i think it's a it's a trial and
error because also what you'll see with
a lot of startups is pivots right like
the offer you come out with day one
might not be
yeah
so you want to give yourself the
flexibility in room to adjust to that
yeah yeah yeah makes sense makes sense
so
in terms of a
in terms of the website and this is
going to vary so perhaps i can give you
a scenario
so maybe let's say we're a b2b tech
company are there specific goals that
you should have for your website
and appreciate this might vary from
niche to niche
but are there any kind of key goals you
think that should be in place for a
website for a growing company
for
for like a more established company
that's trying to scale up
sure
yeah um
well first and foremost
you need to especially in the tech
industry you need to be able to
concisely communicate what it is you do
and what problem you're solving
immediately on the site so the second i
land there
uh the
you know the hero banner on the home
page needs to make that evidently clear
to me it's really difficult for tech
companies at times to accomplish that
because
you know there might be a lot of nuance
there might be a lot of jargon that
people don't understand but it really
should be your mission to break that
down so that your target audience
understands things immediately
the homepage in general should do a
really good job of building trust so
you know establishing through third
party proof case studies
uh testimonials
you know a bunch of different ways
how other people have consumed your your
product or service and
how it's benefited them right that needs
to be
and then i'm sure a lot of people
watching this a lot of business owners
can empathize that
uh
hiring is really difficult right now for
a lot of companies so you know a lot of
the stuff we talk about is focused on
buyers but we also need to be focused on
recruiting especially in the tech field
super duper competitive
you need to be able to give people a
glimpse as to what the company culture
is like what to
expect behind the scenes what benefits
are offered easy access to job postings
you know all of that needs to be
incorporated
in a smart way on the site
yeah yeah yeah so it sounds like quite a
range in terms of clearly communicating
kind of what you do the problem you you
solve how you help
building that trust element with things
like social proof whether that's reviews
testimonials and all that good stuff and
then also looking at the the job posting
element side of things
do you think that
i mean obviously i'm a very biased
because i'm from the same background as
yourself but do you think your website
should be your main tool for generating
business kind of no matter what industry
you're from or do you think it's it
varies quite a bit because i'm sure you
you have similar conversations where
some people
just think their website is is there as
more of a shop window or an online
brochure if you will and then you've got
people at the other end of the scale
that kind of use it as a life and soul
to to really fuel their sales team
sure yeah so i actually spoke about this
not too long ago on a different podcast
but sure
another way that
question was was fraying was you know
our website's still going to be relevant
a couple of years from now and
i think
for
any sort of high ticket service
enterprise b2b enterprise sas
absolutely the website is going to be a
very critical factor in buying decisions
and something that you should be
leveraging and investing a lot of money
in to
acquire new business
when we're talking about smaller
businesses and i'm talking you know mom
pop main street type businesses
i actually don't believe that a website
is going to be as big of a factor
because i think there's a lot of other
things going on right now that are
creating enablement for
sales so
if you're a local plumber let's say
you might not even need a website you
can probably get away with just the
google my business pools
i was gonna say that especially if
you're a tradesman cool especially in
the uk the demand for those kind of
things is just through the roof
yeah yeah so if you're if you're selling
something that's
you know
high ticket
complicated and then span through a
bunch of different industries
you're gonna need a website because it's
another layer of established trust and
again just another way to prove that
you're a market leader for some of these
other
i guess commoditized services and things
like that it's probably going to become
less and less of a factor
i even see it with some um
like smaller e-commerce stores are
actually able to
facilitate a lot of their sales through
social channels or amazon or other
factors and and have difficulties at
times being able to break into
you know their own store kind of leading
leading the sales for the organization
so
i think i think there's some nuance in
there but i think for a lot of the
people watching this your website is
probably
definitely going to be a main factor and
something you need to invest in
yeah
yes it's interesting it reminds me of
something i was chatting to someone
about a little while back where
i think i saw some a post on linkedin or
somewhere else and
basically someone was saying like the
website is just a waste of time it
should just be something that's got a
bit information on your company and kind
of what you do
and i can't this was someone who was uh
basically selling outbound calling
services which i'm not against in fact
we have kind of sells sales leaders on
the show quite a lot because i like to
get the point of view from sales people
as well as marketers
anyway um my counter to that was well
think of it this way if you're um
you might think the website's not doing
something much for you but because
you're doing cold outreach but what's
the chance is when you're reaching out
someone cold whether that's social
whether it's linkedin
email cold calling they're probably
going to look up your website after a
sales rep has been in touch before they
have the appointment so probably gonna
kind of make a decision on if you've got
a shocking website that takes ages to
load it's really slow
it just looks poor doesn't open well on
mobile it's hard to understand what you
do how you can help them maybe doesn't
have examples of social proof or case
studies and just as cumbersome and
difficult to navigate as opposed to
having a super slick website that loads
fast clearly shows what you do builds
trust
surely they're going to weight some bias
towards the company that does it well
and likewise if you get a referral let's
say you're looking to invest quite
heavily in some kind of sas software and
someone you get a couple of
recommendations maybe you find one
online and maybe you get referred by a
friend
if the site you check out just looks
absolutely shocking it's hard to
navigate it does all those things that i
just mentioned
in my opinion anyway i'm going to bias
towards the one that gives me a better
experience and
that potential business won't even know
that i've dropped off
because i've never inquired with them
just because their website didn't
convert me and or didn't build that
trust with me if you saw what i mean
don't know what your thoughts are there
jeff
yeah i i've heard that too uh and and
obviously i i have some some strong
opinions about it but i think that
as human beings as as much as we want to
think that we are logical buyers
we're not logical creatures we'll use
logic to to back up a gut decision but
think about how many things people buy
that are purely based on designer
aesthetic right like car shopping you
can go get a car for 20 grand
or you can go get a car for 250 000
there's
certain things about that 250 000
vehicle that's really attractive a lot
of it has to come to the design the
aesthetic the finish of the vehicle
it demands a higher price because it is
perceived to be more premium
websites for businesses
often give the same appeal you know when
we first started out
we were very small company we didn't
have a lot of established
um
you know
rep or history i was a 22 year old kid
and
i was really good at skill that skill
was visual design so what did we do we
went out there and we built a really
slick looking website
we put it out there in the world
and we were immediately perceived to be
a bigger organization than we were that
is something that any company and any
industry can do
and the bar of doing that is
significantly lower in certain places
than others
but i guess to get back to the original
point i absolutely think that websites
are a decision making factor a lot of
buyers
don't want to be sold to they want to be
presented information and they want to
be able to make a decision based on the
information that they're receiving
so you can do your cold calling and kind
of spark the awareness but they're going
to go out and do their own due diligence
and and look you up and if what they're
looking at sucks
you're going to get disqualified from
that conversation
i've also got a counter to my own
and basically are both statements there
but the one time that i'd probably go
against that is if the recommendation
was so strong
and if the
let's say in my case for example there
was something similar like i'd been
following someone on linkedin
for a good six seven eight months and
their content resident resonated with me
like for example they gave actionable
tips on what they do how they help they
gave useful points each day so literally
value in the feed so they didn't have
the best website because i bought into
that person so much i actually just
direct message them on linkedin i think
that's probably the only exception i
take because i was such a warm lead by
that stage because i've been consuming
their content for so long i just reached
out to them directly whereas
if i was perhaps a bit colder
and maybe i searched for the service
they do on google not knowing their
company directly so i searched like best
ex company or
product service provider in this
industry whatever and then found their
website i just wouldn't have converted
so that's that's kind of my counter
in the only situation
that's the that's the difference maker
though right so they were able to
um
provide you with that that educated
experience and build trust through a
channel that wasn't their website it
took people
consuming their content to be like you
know what
going with these guys
however to the cold buyer who's not
getting that experience not following
them on linkedin
they're not getting that
i would bet money that they would
sell and convert more if they took some
of that experience that they have going
through their social communals and then
brought it to their website in a
meaningful way
so it's not the only way you can get
business obviously but sure it should
kind of be the hub of everything because
it's a it's an area you control right
like you own your website
you don't own linkedin you don't own
facebook you don't own instagram they
can change
what their policies are
like that
it's happened before there's been people
who've built businesses on the backs of
platforms that died or became a whole
lot yes
i nearly cried when i got banned on
linkedin but luckily it was when i was
getting married so i was off my phone
for three days and then three days later
i got back on linkedin yeah
yeah i mean there's there's people that
were using the the linkedin pulse
publishing feature to basically like run
their blog right and then that gets
degraded and now
what do you do with all that content
um
so it's always i think it's always good
to have it as your hub and have it as a
focal point and even more so the larger
you are and the more
high price the product is
yeah yeah i completely agree with that i
mean something like chat about i think
we're on a similar wavelength that
one of the great things about your
website is it's an owned asset provided
you don't build it on a rented tool like
squarespace or wix or something like
that not that i'm saying there's
anything against them you just don't
control the code
so they they do own it but like you say
linkedin or
video channels or social channels could
flick the switch and the algorithm goes
down or the reach goes down so your
website is something you're always going
to own the content and assets around so
it's something to to bear in mind around
your marketing strategy not necessarily
to say everything on your website but to
bear in mind a multi-channel approach
having various streams to drive inbound
customers always always makes sense for
sure
so with that said we touched on a bit
earlier
but your opinion jeff
let's let's nail down
some of the key things that you should
focus on
your website to actually make us make it
a success whether your goals are
building brand whether your goals are
recruiting or whether it is driving
inbound business or generating leads
what are some of the
key pages or key design elements or copy
elements that we should kind of consider
sure yeah um
so i would say
high level um
messaging should should be the first
thing you focus on you know are you
putting out a message that makes it
clear
what it is you do who you do it for and
messaging that resonates with your
audience so you should be talking to
things that are personal challenges to
the companies that that you're going
after
as well as things that they can just get
excited about right so first and
foremost that's the most important
number two on my list i would say visual
design and i know that's
maybe not number two on everybody's list
but going back to my previous point
especially working with companies that
sell higher ticket products
visual design is is a differentiator you
need to have
not only a website that communicates
well but also looks really great in
order to sell premium products
the
biggest bang for your buck areas that
you can bring this through is you know
first impression on the site right i
land on your home page there's going to
be that hero header at the top of the
screen what does that look like what
does that say to me
do i immediately get a feeling from that
section of the page
uh another thing that you could do is
incorporate
um social proof of testimonials
but do it in a way that's meaningful so
don't just throw them at the bottom of a
page and hope that somebody gets them
eventually interweave that messaging
within each section that you talk about
yourself so if you're talking about
you know we offer the best customer
service as an organization
that's great a lot of people say that
but
use a testimonial of a raving client or
raving fan that yeah of that claim it
makes a lot stronger
another thing when you do it that way is
most people don't get to the bottom of
web pages yet everybody always seems to
throw their testimonials at the bottom
of a webpage right
so
if only 25 percent of your visitors are
getting there that means only 25 of the
people are getting the value from your
actual customers so if you start
incorporating it earlier in the
experience you get more eyes on those
testimonials and they become a lot more
effective for you
i like it yeah yeah that's that's a
great point um
definitely love the one in in terms of
kind of people scrolling through
so i suppose if i look at it from my own
perspective or a lot of
potential buyers that i chat to
most people when they come to your
website
and i could be wrong in some cases but
essentially they want to know kind of
what you do and how you can help them
check that you can actually do what you
say you do so that's where the social
proof weaving in backing up your claims
comes in perhaps your case studies
your results how you've actually done
what you're what you're speeding about
for the whole of your site
probably going to check your pricing at
some stage when i know you're actually
within your budget and then on the on
the basis that you've ticked all those
boxes you've built enough trust and yet
they're confident in what you can do
they'll probably reach out to you on a
channel that they want to chat to you
whether that's kind of giving you a call
or filling out a form or booking a time
on a calendar on the basis that you have
done all those things correct is that a
full list not necessarily i mean every
buyer's a bit different right when
everyone's got different boxes they want
to tick but no i like i like those
points for sure
yeah the the pricing point is really
important there's not enough
transparency about that people get
really kind of uh
i don't know
like clammed up about pricing we make it
very evident on our site what we charge
for the different things that we do we
don't necessarily have a pricing tab but
it's interwoven into a lot of our
content
people are qualifying on price and
especially now more than ever where you
know there's some maybe some instability
in economies here in the us as well as
abroad yep price matters
people are going to to make decisions
based off of that if you're not close
it's not worth having a conversation on
either end because you're just wasting
each other's time so making that super
evident that that's really important too
yeah certainly agree certainly agree i
mean it's something i chat about on the
show all the time um
what probably frustrates me the most is
having a pricing page and then requiring
an email or some kind of data to
actually see that pricing it's like oh
dear you're just putting more friction
in the process
it might count as a marketing qualified
lead but at the end of the day it's
probably going to waste your sales
person's time waste your prospects time
when you could have just have a page
that was let's say transparent
and
also the other thing i like about
having a pricing page is that in some
instances it can actually send you or
save you rather sending like quote
documents and quote pdfs because if
people straight away asking for price
you can literally just link them the
page and say have a look here
on that pricing page you can backup
claims like usa and jeff maybe you've
got some customer videos some interviews
maybe you've got some reviews and all
that good stuff so maybe you've got some
faqs on the page as well so you can kind
of get all the info they needed to
self-qualify and then decide if it makes
sense to have a further chat
so it's
i don't think there's any negatives to
it really from what i can see
yeah and to i just want to kind of
dig into the the marketing qualified
lead thing a little bit
so we didn't
we've been talking kind of about what
the output of sites are right and what's
in yeah perspective but if you are
small to mid-size business and you are
going through
a website redesign make it really clear
up front what the goals are and make
sure that
from you know the c-suite down
everybody's aligned in terms of what
those goals are i see a lot of companies
that are focused on lead volume
yeah the volume is actually really
terrible metric to go off of because you
can get a lot of leads and there's a lot
of ways to generate a lot of leads but
if they're not actually
qualified buyers and translating into
revenue for the business then you're
just wasting a lot of time and money so
making sure that there's a focus on
you know this is the type of buyer we
want to track this is what we determine
as a sales qualified lead
and that the marketing team
the sales team and the c suite are all
aligned on that
super important because otherwise
things are going to break down
yeah e-suite's not going to see the
results that they want in terms of
revenue they're going to be upset the
sales team is going to be chasing a
bunch of leads that
uh
you know aren't
actually accurate or the marketing team
is going to feel like they're not
generating enough leads so then they're
doing other things to kind of lower that
barrier so everybody needs to be on the
same page in terms of what they're
moving towards
yeah yeah yeah it makes sense right it's
like
when you do most projects surely at the
start you'd think what are the end
results that we actually want to get out
of this is it we want really qualified
buyers that when they pick up the phone
or book time on our sales teams calendar
they're
kind of 60 70 of the way through the
journey
um but it doesn't happen that often on
websites quite often you'll just see
kind of sites that chuck together
quickly
and then they'll come to companies
whether it's ours or someone else's and
then you realize that these things
weren't put in place at the start um or
perhaps other things around that go to
market strategy were perhaps not
forgotten about slightly say thinking
about what you actually want the site to
do for you as a business as a whole and
not just from your own opinion but from
the c-suite from the marketing team etc
is really sound advice um
and something another
on that note what are your thoughts on
this jeff because i know you talked
about marketing qualified leads just now
because i know
quite a lot of companies might
gear their site up just as
just purely to get let's say demo
request if you're b2b sas so the main
focus is for someone to consume the
content of the site maybe self-qualify
and then book a demo when they're ready
to speak to sales but perhaps teams
aren't getting enough qualified leads
coming in so start panicking chuck a
bunch of gated ebooks on the site cut
chuck a bunch of kind of webinar sign
ups email marketing sign ups in the hope
that it's going to drive leads so the
site starts getting kind of more and
more gated as time goes on because
there's pressure from higher up
to to generate kind of more inquiries um
what do you advise for teams perhaps in
that situation
yeah so that that is a good question so
i i will preface and say that we
currently have gated content on our site
however
we're most likely going to be moving
away from it
and it's not because i can't attribute
revenue to that gated content i can
contribute a lot of revenue to the gated
content that we have
my
thought process on un-gating it is
the people who engaged with that gated
content
found the value in it reached out to us
eventually became a client
it wasn't because we got their email up
front with the gated content right like
we we still would have been in that
conversation regardless of whether or
not that conversation the content was
gated
the difference is i think more people
would engage with the content had it not
been gated in the first place so
in in 2022 there's a lot of ways that
you can kind of keep tabs on individuals
that don't require them
giving you their email address there's
tools out there like clearbit for
instance that gives you a lot of
reduces the anonymity on on website
traffic and people who engage with your
your site so you can still do those
account based marketing efforts without
needing your email
the advantage of not having it gated is
just that it's going to go to a wider
audience and you're going to get more
people
broadly engaging with it
so i think there's other things we can
do as marketers now
to
kind of persistently
stay in front of our visitors that isn't
just taking an email and sending them
um
you know a drip campaign or whatever on
the back half i think you still you want
to build an email list but
just leave that to
hey sign up for our newsletter and less
of
sign up for this thing and i'm going to
throw you into our email list and send
you a bunch of stuff that you may not
really
want to receive in the first place
yeah yeah yeah i don't want to go down
the mqr versus sql route today because
we've done that plenty of times on the
show but
yeah i think i think it's about
understanding really and probably
getting from your customers
themselves
actually can they say this piece of
content is valuable would they normally
pay for it if so if they agree i think
yes stick it behind an email absolutely
fine that's my opinion anyway i'm happy
for people to say i'm wrong but if if
not then it probably should just be on
your site free to consume and it's not a
bad rule in my thoughts anyway
so
we've talked quite a lot about
kind of best practices for the website
in terms of what i can do how it can
help your business some ideas that might
help around kind of building trust lead
gen
what are your thoughts on go to market
strategy jeff what are some of the
channels that you advise from mid-size
or growing
scaling businesses
that
are some of the best that you've seen
when it comes to actually attracting the
right types of clients and traffic to
your site to actually produce those
juicy leads and keep our sales team
fueled and happy
sure so
i think podcasts like the one we're on
right now are actually a great tool of
um
generating content for for businesses
because
one one podcast can become
a series of social posts it can be
transcribed into written content that
can be used in a blog
um
there's a lot of value to that it also
gives you the opportunity to
invite potential
prospects that you want to do business
with or profiles that you want to do
business with and get them to engage so
i think that's a really um
effective thing i know podcasts have
grown in popularity and there's a lot of
them out there but i do think that
they've done well they can be highly
successful
um
i'm a big proponent in thought
leadership content so
you know even if you're not necessarily
doing it in the live like we are now
putting together a series of posts that
speak directly to the challenges that
your customer base is experiencing and
educating them on how to overcome those
and
placing yourself in thought leadership
category there and then distributing
that across other channels so that can
be something that gets broken down into
linkedin posts that can be something
that
you know you take a few golden nuggets
from that and turn it into email
marketing
you know there's there's a lot of
opportunities there
sure aside from that i think there's
there's obviously you know short-term
advertising strategies that companies
can put into place
uh i think that those channels will vary
based on what you do but if you're
you're a b2b
using linkedin as a you know an
advertising channel makes a whole lot of
sense we've seen a lot of customers
actually have success with twitter
and using that as a as a channel uh for
advertising
um
i feel like these days
facebook and instagram specifically have
been degraded a little bit but can still
be um
really valuable for certain
organizations so that that stuff really
depends but i do think any any b2b who's
looking to grow should be
you know focusing on creating content
that's going to be of value to their
their customers i think first and
foremost that's got to be what they
focus on
yeah yeah i mean going back to the
podcast point i mean i wish i started
this podcast more than two years ago
because
it's helped us immensely in terms of
kind of
building awareness for web choice for
the podcast itself as well
for making great relationships with
content contacts that perhaps we want to
work with or perhaps you want to kind of
do joint partnerships ventures with et
cetera and building up authority so
positioning me from someone who knows
next to nothing to someone who knows a
little bit more about websites and seo
and marketing says it's all a win-win
and it's like so such a low barrier to
entry so it's just the case get off your
ass and stop thinking about it and start
doing it um so yeah i strongly advise
anyone who's on on the fence about that
to get stuck in because it is good fun
and you get to meet some great people
but yeah in terms of the other channels
like you say i understand that it's
going to be
quite weighted towards the industry that
you're in
and what ad channels or what advertising
channels or social channels actually
makes sense where your your target
buyers are actually active on where
they're hanging out and where they're
going to be able to consume your content
what are your thoughts jeff on the seo
front obviously something i bang on
about all the time
but do you think that
from 2022 from where we are now and
onwards the website should be built
because we've had a lot of guests that
are saying seo is kind of dying and it's
not as relevant anymore
where do you stand do you think websites
should be built from scratch with seo in
mind
or what what where do you stand on it
yeah so so going back i think to the
first question where we're talking about
startups right um
it's i think it's a bit of a debate for
startups in terms of whether or not they
should be investing
heavily in seo i think inherently any
site should be built in a way that's
conducive to seo best practices right so
sure um
how you structure the site map how you
structure the pages themselves making
sure you're following best practices
they're
never going to hurt um yeah
for startups again because we're talking
about businesses that are trying to
figure out
exactly what's going to be their sticky
offer investing a lot in a long-term
strategy at that point i don't think
makes the most sense
but for established businesses
absolutely and it goes hand in hand with
kind of what i was saying earlier
regarding leadership and thought
leadership content so
the thought leadership content you
produce obviously it should be very
valuable to
your target audience and it should also
be seo optimized so that it increases
the awareness
for your brand right like if you're not
doing that then it's a big missed
opportunity it's again
it was a strategy that we deployed very
early on uh and it remains a focus of
ours uh it's a big contributor to the
amount of leads we receive on a monthly
basis
i will say
search engine optimization leads from my
perspective not just for us but also for
our customers tend to be the most
shotgun approach type leads so like
sometimes you'll get a really qualified
uh mql sometimes you'll get somebody
who's less qualified whereas other
channels you might be able to laser
target your your audience a little bit
more
but by far the highest volume lowest
cost highest roi
uh channel for people to invest in so i
don't think it's going away um
i think that there's other places that
people get information but search is
still going to remain
a dominant force for years to come
yeah i mean
we're coming up to time for the show but
i think it's it's one of those things
the good thing about seo my opinion
anyway is the fact that you can capture
people at different ends of the funnel
so usually you can get quite quick wins
if you're looking at people that are
researching your offering not
necessarily exactly what you do but the
old how-to questions or best way to do
this questions
you can tackle middle of the funnel
where people comparing maybe your
product to a competitor you can
literally address that of content or
people right at the bottom of the funnel
where they're literally searching for a
company in your sector best company for
x or software
accountancy or accountancy software for
small businesses whatever it might be
that specific search term where so that
is the good thing it's not quick but
like you say is over time a great way to
to build up the only the only thing to
bear in mind is that it's a capturing
demand channel in most cases
um so as
our friends chris walker over refined
labs like to talk about only roughly
five percent of the market are actually
in buying mode and you're gonna be able
to capture and 95 percent
are uh there to be educated with with
demand generation but that said
depending on the size of your total
address will market that five percent or
so it could be huge
or it could be very small
so um
something to consider for sure all right
jeff well um yeah been a pleasure
chatting all things how to scale your
business with website any any final
points before you wrap up the show today
sir
just don't don't neglect your website
guys like focus
it can be a really really valuable tool
uh it can be something that is a game
changer we have a lot of companies that
we've worked with that
yeah their website did not amount to a
driving force with with their uh
business but then
you know you invest some time you get
the right people to think about the
challenges that you're facing
it really truly can become that 24 hour
sales person sam that i know you speak
about a lot as well
um
so yeah
don't neglect your sites
well said well said nice one jeff well
please do tell us more about how
everyone tuning in can learn more about
yourself your company and the best way
to connect with you and get in touch
sir you can follow me on linkedin it's
just jeff j e f f r e y kapinsky g a p i
n s k i post every day
uh and you can find humor at
h-u-e-m-o-r dot r-o-c-k-s
all right
nice one man i'll put all of those links
over in the show notes over at
businessgrowth.marketing
and with that thanks once again for
coming on jeff really appreciate it yeah
thank you for having me
no worries dude as always if you enjoyed
the show a quick rating or review on
your podcast channel of choice is much
appreciated and with that we should
catch you on the next episode for more
no bs actual marketing tips to grow your
business and grow your revenue cheers
for tuning in